Editorial improvements (#41)
jsonpath-standard/internet-draft: draft-normington-jsonpath-latest.md

~~~~ abnf
array-index = integer

> integer = ["-"] ("0" / (%x31-39 *%x30-39))

Reviewer: You may want to make use of DIGIT and DIGIT1 here

Author: Whoops. Of course.

> integer = ["-"] ("0" / (%x31-39 *%x30-39))

Reviewer 2: What was the guidance around using quoted characters vs their hex equivalent?

Author: That change was based on input from @cabo.

Reviewer 2: Could you link to the input?  Why have both?

Author: @cabo's [guidance](https://mailarchive.ietf.org/arch/msg/jsonpath/jip4OCSgTPH1LZYmL1iMCgxFiMk/) was to use hex for ranges and otherwise use quoted characters except where case sensitivity is needed.

                            ; optional - followed by 0 or
                            ; sequence of digits with no leading zero
DIGIT1 = %x31-39            ; non-zero digit
~~~~

Note: the syntax does not allow integers with leading zeros such as `01` and `-01`.

> An array slice is a union element consisting of optional integers (in base 10) separated by colons.

Reviewer: I think we need to be more aware about saying "is" when we mean "is represented by".

Author: Actually, I mean "is" rather than "is represented by". But the phrase "is a union element consisting of" is causing a lot of grief. It probably is better to make the array slice description independent of where it is used, thus:
```suggestion
An array slice consists of optional integers (in base 10) separated by colons.
```

> An array slice is a union element consisting of optional integers (in base 10) separated by colons.

Reviewer 2: Why remove the count here?  Should we specify that it is three integers, each of which may be omitted?

Author: Good point. Added "three".

~~~~ abnf
array-slice = [ start ] ws ":" ws [ end ]
                   [ ws ":" ws [ step ] ]
start = integer
end = integer

> step = integer

Reviewer 2: Does the markdown translation align the `=`?

Author: No. Does that matter?

Reviewer 2: Typically I see them aligned for readability, but technically, no.

Author: I suggest we leave that for now and do a fine-tuning editorial pass later for consistency.
